The object tree

The entire object tree is a big nested heirarchy of objects.

An object is completely contained by its parent.

After any situation that can affect containment, we do a hierarchy
check.

First, we take care of anyone around us before we take care of
ourselves. Once our siblings and our children are resolved, we can take
care of ourselves.

Our children

	If we no longer contain them, we transfer them to our current parent
	and run a containment check on them versus our siblings.
	
	Our children need only be checked against our siblings.
	
	Since they are inside us, they are already guaranteed to be
	indirectly inside our parent.
	
Our siblings (exclude any evicted ex-children)

	If we wind up completely containing any of them, we absorb them,
	and run a containment check on them versus our children.  Since they
	didn't move relative to our current parent, they are still contained
	by that parent (otherwise they wouldn't be our siblings), and we need
	not check them against their parent.

Our parent

	If we are no longer contained by our parent, we move up and
	repeat the check, stopping when we find an ancestor that 
	completely contains us.

Our siblings

	We have new neighbors, one of which might now be containing us.
	
	If we find one, we reparent and then recheck against our current
	siblings.  Repeat until we dig down enough so that our siblings
	no longer contain us.

Optimizations:

If we poke out slightly enough from our parent that our parent alone can
handle us, stay put and let our parent notify us if anything happens.

Half-way reparenting, or exposure, makes us effectively have two
parents.  We are visible to our uncles, as well as our brothers.

In fact, dual (or even more) parenting between our direct parent and
other ancestors may be essential for handling bound details.

Thorny issues:

	Dealing with coordinate system changes, geometry, and so on.

	A meteorite flying through space and entering a planet's
	atmosphere. Requires a coordinate system change.
