Magic

	Pretty much anything that can't be done with raw muscle has
	to be done with magic.  It's a force to be reckoned with in
	battle, and is quite useful in craft work as well.

The elements

	The elements are a fundamental part of magic.  Each spell
	deals with elemental essence, also known as mana (not to be
	confused with manna, which is in the realm of divine magic).
	
	Each type of mana has its own home plane, where the mana is
	generated.  Each plane, unless otherwise noted, has no inherent
	source of light or gravity.
	
Air
	
	The essence of the atmosphere, deals with all things
	weather related.  It is useful when the weather needs to be
	manipulated, or things need to be moved.  Air mana has a
	slightly yellowish tinge to it.
	
	The plane of air is full of air.  It is home to some lesser
	deities of weather.
	
Earth
	
	Earth, the essence of the ground, comes in handy when things
	need to grow, or be manipulated.  It also comes in handy for
	causing, or stopping, earthquakes.  Colored green with a tinge
	of blue.
	
	The earth plane is full of dirt, soil, rock, and metal.  Some
	gems can be found here, but it's not exactly a gold mine...or is
	it?

Fire

	The essence of heat.  It's indispensable for making things
	hot.  Useful for speeding things up.  Has a blood red
	shade.
	
	The plane of fire is a roiling mass of flames.  Nothing is known
	of anything else being within.

Ice
	
	All that is truly cold is a friend of ice mana.  It makes
	things inherently frigid.  Useful for slowing things down, and
	also has a hand in weather spells, especially those of the
	wintery kind.  Colored a pale turqoise.
	
	The plane of ice is frigid absolute zero matter.  Nothing can
	survive here on anything but the shortest of terms before it
	freezes up.

Water
	
	Truly the wettest mana around.  Surprisingly, it is most
	useful in healing damage of the physical kind.  Since most
	living creatures are mostly water, a healthy dose of it is quite
	therapeutic.  Also finds use in weather spells.  Colored pure
	white.
	
	The plane of water is an infinite pool of pure water at average
	density, with no gravity.

Lightning
	
	This mana type is a real shocker, and finds use in
	mechanical operations that involve magnetism.  It also finds use
	in mind control to a limited extent, given the electrical nature
	of nerve impulses.  Appears to be deep purple.
	
	The plane of lightning is an ionized electrically charged place
	brimming with sparks and static.

Holy
	
	Strong beyond all comprehension, it is the mightiest mana in
	existence.  Blessed by the very gods themselves, it finds high
	level use in breaking enchantments, reviving the dead, and
	combatting the undead.  Glows a bright silvery gold color.
	
	The plane of holiness is home to all of the deities of life, and
	base for the grandly legend Hall of Souls, where new spirits are
	created and the souls of the blessed, cursed, saved, and damned
	meet their fortunes before and after their mortal existence.

Dark
	
	Sinister mana of the foulest sort, it is the enemy of all
	that lives.  It even despises existence itself, and left to its
	own devices, will annihilate anything it touches.  Properly
	controlled, it finds use in destructive magics, but is favored
 	by the undead.  Blacker than charcoal.
	
	The plane of darkness is absolute negativeness...even emptier
	than hard space vacuum.  The essence of this plane totally
	consumes and destroys anything it touches.  It is totally
	shunned by the gods, except possibly as a bottomless garbage
	can.
	
Order

	Geometry, mathematics, and everything orderly considers
	order mana an ally.  It is the glue that holds the universe
	together.  Useful for manipulating raw force.  Colored brown,
	like bronze.
	
	The plane of order is full of symmetrical pieces of matter, and
	forces in no particular sequence, but each moving with clockwork
	perfection.

Chaos
	
	Among the most lively types of mana, chaos mana is
	responsible for everything random.  All living creatures possess
	a touch of this type.  It can be useful for disrupting the
	spells of others, and also finds use in misdirection magic.
	Orange like sherbet.

	The plane of chaos is full of bits and pieces of every type of
	matter imaginable, and these bits of matter are constantly
	moving and even transmuting.

Casting a spell

	The process of casting a spell involves directing the magical
	forces where they need to go.
	
	The first part of spellcasting involves summoning or
	expending the appropriate types of mana.  Usually, it's a 50/50
	split between supplying mana from one's own self and directing
	ambient mana that already exists.
	
	Good channelling skills can draw more mana from the
	environment...which certainly saves on personal power. 
	Channeling is per-element.

Saturation

	Mana of differing types can saturate an area, making it
	difficult to cast spells or otherwise control them.
	
	Casting a spell will tap mana of the given type, consume it, and
	release the residue into the pools of the other mana types, with the
	opposing type getting most of it.
	
	Mana cannot be destroyed or created except through direct divine
	influence.
	
	Share of residue:
	
	Same type: 0
	Opposing type: 50
	Each of the others: 6.25 percent
	
	Mana types VERY slowly transmute and self-balance in a given area
	based on differences.  Certain biases do exist though.
	
	A fully saturated pool's half life will be on the order of a
	month or so.
	
Balancing

	air-earth, fire-ice, water-lightning, holy-dark,
	order-chaos
	
	Think of these as 5 axes on the 5 dimensional space of magic.

Each of these 5 mana pairs are transparent to each other.  Mana of
opposing type cancel each other out
